
h1. The Greensock Sprout Gem

h4. requires sprout, v >= 1.0.x.pre

	Greensock's free AS3 library including TweenLite, TweenMax, and LoaderMax, wrapped in a Sprout::Specification for implementation into a sprout project and Gem::Specification for distribution as a gem. 
	
	The sprout will download the Greensock zip from the greensock.com and the swc will be copied to lib/greensock of your sprout project.

h3. Installation

Intended for use with a project using Project Sprouts. 

See information concerning Project Sprouts here: 
* "http://github.com/lukebayes/project-sprouts" http://github.com/lukebayes/project-sprouts
* "http://github.com/lukebayes/sprout-flashsdk" http://github.com/lukebayes/sprout-flashsdk

Add the Greensock gem to your Gemfile:

	<pre><code>gem "greensock"</code></pre>

Add the Greensock library dependency to your Rakefile:

	<pre><code>library :greensock</code></pre>

Enter this shell command to resolve gem dependency: 

	<pre><code>bundle install</code></pre>

h3. Ruby Gem

The gem can be installed independently of a project entering this command:

<pre><code>gem install greensock</code></pre>

h3. Whats included

Greensock's downloadable as3 zip contains multiple libraries all within a single swc. Each of these libraries have separate version. 
Normally a sprout gem's version should parallel the version of the library it wraps, but we cannot do that with combined libraries and Greensock provides no "overall" version other than "v11". 
The version representing the greensock sprout gem will attempt to follow its own path, incrementing patches whenever the version of an included greensock library is bumped.
The following libraries are included:

The Greensock Tweening Platform v11

* "http://www.greensock.com/tweennano/" TweenNano 
	Version: 1.05, Updated 2010-05-11
	File size added to compressed SWF: About 1.6kb (AS3), or 2kb (AS2)
* "http://www.greensock.com/tweenlite/" TweenLite
	Version: 11.39, Updated 2010-09-27
	File size added to compressed SWF: about 4.7kb
* "http://www.greensock.com/tweenmax/" TweenMax
	Version: 11.39, Updated 2010-09-27
	File size added to compressed SWF: About 8.7kb (base), or 17.6kb with default plugins and OverwriteManager
* "http://www.greensock.com/timelinelite/" TimelineLite
	Version: 1.392, Updated 2010-10-13
	File size added to compressed SWF: About 2.5k (base), 8.1k with OverwriteManager and TweenLite
* "http://www.greensock.com/timelinemax/" TimelineMax
	Version: 1.392, Updated 2010-10-13
	File size added to compressed SWF: about 4.9k (base), 10.4k with OverwriteManager and TweenLite

Other included libraries

* "http://www.greensock.com/tweennano/" LoaderMax
	Version: 1.631, Updated 2010-10-13

h3. Additional links

* "Greensock Site":http://www.greensock.com/v11/
* "Greensock Documentation":http://www.greensock.com/as/docs/tween/
* "Sprouts Site":http://projectsprouts.org
* "Sprouts on Github":http://github.com/lukebayes/project-sprouts
* "flashsdk sprout on Github":http://github.com/lukebayes/sprout-flashsdk
* "Sprouts Community":http://groups.google.com/group/projectsprouts

